I may be a loser but at least I got
loser friends to hang out with whatever
we wouldn't let you into our gang Pete
because you're weird weird look at you
you've got a weak bladder
hey algae I need some help I've got a
plan to take over those jocks gum hey
Jimmy hey so what do you say algae us
help you yeah think of everything I've
done for you since I got here you you're
like a bouncer we're a bit above helping
people like you I mean Kent real duh
pee stain now you need my help I'll get
it damn well you know what you got to do
now don't you what beg no get to Ernest
he runs I click with a rod of iron you
get him on your side and you got the
rest of the meeting out of the palm of
your head how by joining the
trigonometry Club no that would never
work you got to show him who's boss you
might be on to something
see you later hey wait Jimmy can I come
for once
I equals 3.15 by telling me where
Demetri approximation I'm afraid your
diplomacy skill is too long
do you have any idea how at the
observatory but don't tell them I told
you this is a beauty
forget it Hopkins you're not getting in
without the keycode okay okay it's
are you still trying gimme oh let me
mind it I have to give you that
I guess you're gone huh
that's more like
Ernest what are you doing
give it up dork you work for me now
you're pathetic
you've defeated my weakest compadres
you've just met your Matt I want us to
be friends I need your help
I've had friends like you that's kind to
treat you like dog muck on their shoes
no thanks bug come on my brains against
your brawn welcome to hell Jimmy Hopkins
can't we all just get along
no can't because you're a bastard you'll
never take me alive
oh you like this Jimmy kind of present
for you
this is for you Jimmy
you guys three ghost nerds like dirt
what hey you'll regret it why'd you have
to be such a bully Jimmy why maybe now
you listen to me here here take it
you're just like everyone else picking
on the little man I'm not like everyone
else Oh honestly
huh now listen we both want the same
thing to teach those jocks a lesson from
now on we're buddies you have a funny
way of showing friendship we're friends
we work together